The End
I'll have a 50-yen bill of ink.
What are you talking about?
What's that thing you're talking about?
It's not good to seduce young girls.
They'll sleep here for a while.
What's that?
That's your pen.
That's what it is.
Oh, I see.
I don't need it yet.
Calm down and listen.
As you know, yesterday,
I went fishing, but I couldn't catch a single fish.
I thought it was a sea bass,
so I went to the shore in the evening.
When I got home,
I saw a fish from the bay.
It was around the edge of the river.
The money I made in the morning
was stored in the bank.
It was so loud.
I'll stop making you feel scared.
Don't close the story.
I'm afraid of the sound of the gala.
I went south from the bay.
The sound of the waves
that melt the mountains of the world
and cool the water.
Oh, I see.
There was something that came out of the water.
Oh, I'm so surprised.
Hey, hey.
Why are you putting the pen in my hair?
Did you get it?
No, give it to me.
I'm afraid.
I put it in your hair so many times.
It's a bad deal.
Unfortunately, I'll give it back.
What did you get?
A crow flew out.
There was a live-type of a crow.
Oh, it's a crow from Karakasa.
No, it's a red-brained crow.
It's a small crow.
No, it's a big one.
I put the sake on the cup.
It was a live-type of a net.
It was a net.
I put a stick on the bone that burned the brain.
I felt like the bone turned red.
I went home after a good bath.
I turned the table and slept.
I slept in the garden.
I was waiting for the money to come in.
Oh, the sun is hot.
I put the money in the garden.
There was gold in the cash register.
I put the money in the half of the sea.
I put the money in the kitchen.
I put the money in the fire truck.
I put the money in the pot and I sing.
Do you know that the bank of the Tachian River is called Kado Nami Buddha?
What is that?
Calm down and listen.
Don't talk about people.
There is something that knocks on the door.
It came from the other side of the house.
I was a monster.